grafton visited poquoson friday night
and look to continue their hot start and
in the first half it looked as if they
might be able to and beat back the state
champion Islanders number 33 desmond
more punched the ball into the endzone
to give Grafton a seven nothing lead
with 750 left in the first quarter
grafton then stopped poquoson running
back William M&E from scoring on fourth
down from the one foot line causing a
turnover on downs
while the Islanders defense kept the
game close the special team struggled in
the first half
the score remained grafton seven
poquoson nothing at halftime but for the
second half poquoson made some
adjustments number 33 Dylan Hill broke
for a long run
which set up an M&E score that even
things up at seven apiece
the ball seemed to bounce back Olsen's
way in the second half
even as the returner struggled with his
punt poquoson stove managed to recover
the ball
and just a few plays later with 725 left
in the third quarter M&E rumble contains
another the close in touch day
two
then the final dagger in the coffin was
when poquoson quarterback Chase Pender
found Derek bloom for the only passing
score on the night
poquoson defeated their guests the
Grafton Clippers 21 27
yay
reporting for WI daily I'm Eric pasola